This lesson back to just opening up the file in the browser so I don't have the local host running anymore
because we're not going to need it for any more.
The lessons that are coming up.
So that was just for the cookies.
And in this lesson we're looking at I Ephie immediately invoked function expressions.
So these are functions that will run right away and you can invoke them right away as well.
So basically we've got a function here it's an anonymous function.
And we also do need to have those second sets of round brackets.
And then whatever content we've got in here.
So this gets immediately invoked.
So this is I F E content.
So basically if we want a function to run right away we can simply invoke it right away within this
type of format.
So we don't have to give it a name or anything like that.
And we can just run the function.
So let's set up a message and let's say hello world.
And these are really useful within your web page in case you want something to happen right away and
you don't want to go and create those function names.
So you can immediately invoke a set of code using this type of method.
This type of format.
And the good thing about it is as well though if you want to have some variables and you don't want
them globally then this is one of the main reasons why we do these immediately invoked functions is
to save us the trouble of having variables that are sitting within the global scope.
So actually I'm going to update so I'm going to do document get element by id and I'm going to update
the output with hinter each to M-L and this time I'm going to update it with message.
And then we know that afterwards if I try to console log out to message I won't be able to have access
to it because the variable is going to get destroyed after we run the function.
So there we go so we see that we're trying to access a value and the value doesn't exist because of
course this is sitting locally within the function.
So we do need to get rid of that go back out here refreshed and we see that this way we can use that
variable and immediately execute that.
And then that variable will then get destroyed if we've got a lot of code coming up afterwards.
We want to have access to it but that's the whole idea that we try to use local variables as much as
possible and the local variables sit and live only within the functions.
So go ahead and try this site and open up your editor and create one of these immediately invoking function
expressions and write in some code.
Set up some variables that are only going to be used to run this set of code such as the ones that I've
done over here.
So try it for yourself within your editor's.